Index pattern creation docs - add necessary elasticsearch privleges (#88133)
elastic/kibana: docs/management/index-patterns.asciidoc

=== Before you begin

> * To access *Index Patterns*, you must have the {kib} privilege

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To access the *Index Patterns* view, you must have the {kib} privilege
```

> `Index Pattern Management`.  To create *Index Patterns*, you need to have the {es} privilege

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Index Pattern Management`.  To create an index pattern, you must have the {es} privilege
```
